1.18.1 release notes (#263)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/release-notes/1.18.1.md

---
date: 2020-08-14
linktitle: "1.18.1"
title: "1.18.1"
kubernetes: "1.16, 1.17, and 1.18"
---

{{<fixes>}}

> * Fixed a bug that caused required config items to remain required even if the config group is hidden (`when` is `false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where `required` config items that were not visible prevented config updates even though their config group was hidden (`when` is `false`).
```
